# 1187320 ChangeLog503 GuidelinesforHospitalsRequestingDiversionofALS BLSPatients

COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH SERVICES                                  
 
SUBJECT: GUIDELINES FOR HOSPITALS REQUESTING REFERENCE NO. 503 
  DIVERSION OF ALS/BLS PATIENTS 
 
REVISED: 07-01-25 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 
CHANGE LOG 
 
Published 
Date 
Status Section and 
Subsection Affected 
Description of Change(s) 
07/01/2025 Revision & 
Addition 
PROCEDURE 5, 7 
• Revised to include “STEMI 
receiving centers only) 
1. Addition of ECPR 
Diversion: 
“Extracorporeal 
Cardiopulmonary 
Resuscitation (ECPR) – 
Diversion may be 
requested when the 
hospital has no means to 
perform ECPR due to 
lack of available qualified 
personnel, no pumps, or 
other essential resources. 
ED saturation is not 
sufficient cause to 
request ECPR diversion. 
ECPR diversion does not 
divert patients in cardiac 
arrest with the exception 
of patients meeting ECPR 
criteria for whom another 
ECPR receiving facility is 
available within the 30-
minute transport time.” 
•
